finished computation in classic 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 63000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 31600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 72200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 37800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 40900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 81200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 57900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 44700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 90000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 163100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 110900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 1775300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 98400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 508600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 130500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 62300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 38400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 60300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 43000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 35300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 86600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 252000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 93600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 58900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 63100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 33100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 103000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 157900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 179600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 45900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 30900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 61900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 42500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 30200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 44700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 44400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 1273800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 30200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 31500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 41300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 29700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 40600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 40400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 40800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 29300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 42200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 29300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 41800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 30200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 42900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 31200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 44300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 32300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 96500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 29700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 45700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 32400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 41000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 35400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 76900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 34300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 35400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 40100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 41800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 42200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 41400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 35100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 40000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 41100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 42800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 41700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 47700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 33900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 47500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 31000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 121900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 42100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 62600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 72500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 36600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 43700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 134100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 45900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 33400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 44000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 32400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 40100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 31200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 31000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 50300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 40000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 29100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 39000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 40400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 35100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 24500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 331500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 43100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 40600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 25900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 32600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 354100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 60000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 101800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 60600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 37300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 60200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 27400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 76200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 28700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 38700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 33300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 376000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 145100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 62600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 45400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 36000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 32300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 36000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 53100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 30000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 8800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 294000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 759500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 22500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 47900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 45000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 34000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 51200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 128000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 51100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 28000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 26300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 34900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 18100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 47400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 34000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 31600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 13900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 9900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 14300 nanoseconds
finished computation in 10600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13100 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 23300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 14600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 22100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 41700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 26900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 452800 nanoseconds
finished computation in 80500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 16000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 82700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 24400 nanoseconds
finished computation in 52500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 27200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15800 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 25500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 12700 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 19900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15900 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 20200 nanoseconds
finished computation in 15400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18900 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13300 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 16600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 11500 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18500 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 18000 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 21100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13400 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 23100 nanoseconds
finished computation in 17600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 29600 nanoseconds
finished computation in 19200 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 17700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13000 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 15700 nanoseconds
finished computation in 13600 nanoseconds
finished computation in classic 13800 n